fix documentation for RotateKubeletClientCertificate (#38353)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/kubelet-tls-bootstrapping.md

### Certificate Rotation

Kubernetes v1.8 and higher kubelet implements features for enabling
rotation of its client and/or serving certificates. Note, rotation of serving
certificate is a __beta__ feature and requires the `RotateKubeletServerCertificate`
feature flag on the kubelet (enabled by default).

> To enable kubelet to rotate its client certificates by creating new CSRs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the kubelet to rotate its client certificates by creating new CSRs
```

as its existing credentials expire. To enable this feature, use the `rotateCertificates`
field of [kubelet configuration file](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/)

> or pass the following flag to the kubelet (deprecated):

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
or pass the following command line argument to the kubelet (deprecated):
```

```
--rotate-certificates
```

Enabling `RotateKubeletServerCertificate` causes the kubelet **both** to request a serving
certificate after bootstrapping its client credentials **and** to rotate that

> certificate. To enable this feature, use the field `serverTLSBootstrap`  of [kubelet configuration file](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/) or pass the following flag to the kubelet (deprecated):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certificate. To enable this behavior, use the field `serverTLSBootstrap`  of 
the [kubelet configuration file](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/)
or pass the following command line argument to the kubelet (deprecated):
```
